Taylors-MBA:C# .NET Taylor$ dotnet --version
2.1.403\

2:
Taylors-MBA:C# .NET Taylor$ mkdir InstallTest
Taylors-MBA:C# .NET Taylor$ cd InstallTest/

3:
Taylors-MBA:InstallTest Taylor$ dotnet new console
The template "Console Application" was created successfully.

Processing post-creation actions...
Running 'dotnet restore' on /Users/Taylor/Desktop/Coding Dojo/C# .NET/InstallTest/InstallTest.csproj...
  Restoring packages for /Users/Taylor/Desktop/Coding Dojo/C# .NET/InstallTest/InstallTest.csproj...
  Generating MSBuild file /Users/Taylor/Desktop/Coding Dojo/C# .NET/InstallTest/obj/InstallTest.csproj.nuget.g.props.
  Generating MSBuild file /Users/Taylor/Desktop/Coding Dojo/C# .NET/InstallTest/obj/InstallTest.csproj.nuget.g.targets.
  Restore completed in 275.59 ms for /Users/Taylor/Desktop/Coding Dojo/C# .NET/InstallTest/InstallTest.csproj.
  
Restore succeeded.

4:
Taylors-MBA:InstallTest Taylor$ dotnet build
Microsoft (R) Build Engine version 15.8.169+g1ccb72aefa for .NET Core
Copyright (C) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

  Restore completed in 44.85 ms for /Users/Taylor/Desktop/Coding Dojo/C# .NET/InstallTest/InstallTest.csproj.
  InstallTest -> /Users/Taylor/Desktop/Coding Dojo/C# .NET/InstallTest/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/InstallTest.dll

Build succeeded.
    0 Warning(s)
    0 Error(s)

Time Elapsed 00:00:02.72

5:
Taylors-MBA:InstallTest Taylor$ dotnet /Users/Taylor/Desktop/Coding\\ Dojo/C#\\ .NET/InstallTest/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/InstallTest.dll
Hello World!

6:
Taylors-MBA:InstallTest Taylor$ dotnet run
Hello World!
}
